C++ Error documentation additions (#620)
PixarAnimationStudios/OpenTimelineIO: docs/cxx/cxx.rst

Even when we define more complex properties, the reading/writing code is as
simple as shown above, in almost all cases.

When an error is encountered in reading, ``read_from`` should set the error

> on on the ``Reader`` instance and return ``false``: ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on the ``Reader`` instance and return ``false``: ::
```

but requires a call to ``set_children()`` after construction.  Neither the
Python API (nor the Swift API) would be subject to this limitation.

The OpenTime and OpenTimelineIO libraries both have their own error
definitions. The tables below outline the errors, which python exceptions they
raise, and what their semantic meaning is.

.. csv-table:: OpenTime Errors
    :header: "Value", "Python Exception Type", "Meaning"
    
    OK, n/a, No Error
    INVALID_TIMECODE_RATE, ``ValueError``, "Timecode rate isn't a valid SMPTE rate"
    NON_DROPFRAME_RATE,  ``ValueError``, "Timecode rate isn't valid for SMPTE Drop-Frame Timecode"
    INVALID_TIMECODE_STRING,  ``ValueError``, "String is not properly formatted SMPTE timecode string"
    TIMECODE_RATE_MISMATCH,  ``ValueError``, " Timecode string has a frame number higher than the frame rate"
    INVALID_TIME_STRING,  ``ValueError``,
    NEGATIVE_VALUE,  ``ValueError``,

>     INVALID_RATE_FOR_DROP_FRAME_TIMECODE,  ``ValueError``, "Timecode rate isn't valid for SMPTE non Drop-Frame Timecode"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    INVALID_RATE_FOR_DROP_FRAME_TIMECODE,  ``ValueError``, "Timecode rate isn't valid for SMPTE Drop-Frame Timecode"
```

Also, I think `INVALID_RATE_FOR_DROP_FRAME_TIMECODE` and `NON_DROPFRAME_RATE` are basically the same. Perhaps independent from this change, we could consolidate them.

Author: Good suggestion, filed issue #625 to track this.

.. csv-table:: OpenTimelineIO error codes
   :header: "Value", "Python Exception Type", "Meaning"
   
    OK, n/a, No Error
    NOT_IMPLEMENTED, ``NotImplementedError``, "A feature is known but deliberately unimplemented"
    UNRESOLVED_OBJECT_REFERENCE, ``ValueError``, "An object reference is unresolved while reading"
    DUPLICATE_OBJECT_REFERENCE, ``ValueError``, "An object reference is duplicated while reading"
    MALFORMED_SCHEMA, ``ValueError``, "The Schema string was invalid"
    JSON_PARSE_ERROR, ``ValueError``, "Malformed JSON encountered when parsing"

>     CHILD_ALREADY_PARENTED, ``ValueError``, "A child was attempted to be added to a collection when it's already a member of another collection instance"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    CHILD_ALREADY_PARENTED, ``ValueError``, "Attempted to add a child to a collection when it's already a member of another collection instance"
```
